[gentle orchestral music playing]
[music building]
[woman] People think dreams are an escape.
[thunder rumbling]
[woman] A chance
to slip away from waking life
to a world with no consequence.
-But that's not true.
-[haunting choral music playing]
[woman] Your dreams don't just happen.
We make them happen.
And we design them with care just for you.
We have our reasons,
and we have our rules.
We make your dreams
to help you on your journey.
And where this one's going,
she's gonna need all the help she can get.
[foghorn blasts]
-[gentle music fades out]
-[foghorn continues blowing]
[exhales] Good morning, Pig.
[motor approaching]
[horn toots]
[girl gasps softly]
[gulls calling outside]
[spirited orchestral music playing]
-Morning, Bugsy.
-[Bugsy squawks]
[girl panting]
-[Dad grunting]
-[girl] Hey, Dad. What'd you get?
[sighs] Many leagues have I traveled
across the sea to bring you breakfast.
Oh. Thank you.
Here. Here, let me help you with that.
[both grunt]
-Is that better?
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-[Dad grunts]
-Hey, Bugsy!
-[Bugsy squawks]
[both playing "The Parting Glass"]
-[duet continues]
-[feet tapping to beat]
[pan scraping]
[Dad] All right.
Batter up.
[girl] Ooh!
And… batter up.
[pancake plops]
-[girl giggles]
-[Dad sighs]
-[breeze blowing]
-[Dad] We on course, kiddo?
[girl] The wind's come around.
So what're you gonna do?
Bow up.
-[tiller squeaks]
-Bow up.
[lively orchestral version
of "The Parting Glass" playing]
-[wrench straining]
-A little more. Little more.
[gears clicking]
[Dad] Here ya go, kiddo.
His name is Fred.
Oh, hi, Fred.
And I've got Seymour.
-[orchestral music fades]
-[duet concluding]
[tempo slows]
[both hold final note]
[Dad and girl laugh]
-[rain pattering]
-[thunder rumbling]
Dad, why do I have to learn math
if I'm gonna take care
of the lighthouse, like you?
I already know everything there is to know
about the lighthouse anyway.
[majestic music playing]
Answer me this question.
What is a lighthouse for?
To keep ships safe.
[Dad] No. That's not what it's for.
But when you can answer that question…
I'll give you the key to the lighthouse,
and that's a promise.
-[girl gasps softly]
-[Dad] Now, bed.
-[thunderclap]
-[rain pattering on roof]
You don't want Pig?
[clicks tongue] I am 11.
Well, sorry, Pig. It's a rite of passage.
Hmm?
What's that?
Oh, no. No, you don't have to worry.
I'll still be here for you.
All right. Well, good night.
Wait!
-[Dad] Hmm?
-One story?
-Flip story?
-[girl gasps excitedly]
All right.
[Dad exhales]
I got one you never heard before.
As you know, Flip and I,
we lived the outlaw life. Hmm?
Hunting treasure every night,
and… eh, what have you.
Now, one day ol' Flippy comes up to me,
and he says, "Guess what I've heard."
[takes a deep breath]
[quietly] He's heard about these Pearls.
Magic Pearls.
You get one of these Pearls,
and you can wish for whatever you want.
The trouble was
that these Pearls can only be found
in the most dangerous waters
known to mankind.
-[eerie music playing]
-The Sea of Nightmares.
Well, soon as I heard that, I was all,
"Count me out.
I don't want anything to do with it."
Then, of course, Flip, you know him,
he goes and he does… the Double-Knock.
And when your partner
does the Double-Knock--
-You can't refuse.
-[Dad] That's right.
[both] Outlaw Code.
Set sail, we did.
Well, I tell you what, it was cold.
It was mighty cold.
But I was thinking, well,
in that kind of climate,
Flip might not smell so bad.
[girl chuckles]
Then the storm came.
[softly] And the waves.
-Suddenly there was this rumbling sound.
-[thunder rumbles]
-It was all around us.
-[floorboards creak]
-[Dad] And it grew louder by the second.
-[wind picks up]
[Dad] It was the biggest,
deadliest whirlpool I'd ever seen.
That boom swung around,
hit me on the backside,
and tossed me into that water.
And down I went, like a lead weight.
Down… and down,
until I noticed there was a hole
right there in the bottom of the sea.
So I swam in.
What's on the other side?
It's a dead place.
No life of any kind,
just littered with bones
of ancient sea creatures.
That's when it came for me.
The monster.
-It rose up out of the darkness.
-[low growling]
[Dad] Black as night, and bigger
than any creature I had ever seen.
With long, smoky, inky tentacles.
I was frozen in fear.
And it just, kind of slowly…
[rumbling]
-[distorted] …slowly…
-[monster snarls]
…reached out and grabbed me and shook me
for all I was worth! And I take--
-[alarm beeping]
-[man speaking on radio]
Stand by.
-[radio chatter continues]
-Wait, you can't stop now.
What? You mean during the scary part?
-It wasn't scary.
-[Dad] Mm-hmm.
It was a potentially interesting start
to a story.
-[Dad] Go for Peter.
-Potentially… interesting start.
[Peter] Copy.
-[indistinct radio chatter]
-[Peter] Nemo, listen to me.
There's a fishing boat
off Lopez that's in trouble.
It's gonna get bad out there tonight.
Listen, you know what to do
if the power goes out, right?
Fire up the backup generator,
clear the sump pump,
radio Carla if there's a problem.
[giggling] I got it, Dad.
[thunder rumbling in distance]
Sweet dreams.
Hey… I got you.
[inhales sharply] Stop.
[Peter's footsteps fading]
Good night.
[Peter] Good night. I'll be back soon.
[wind whipping]
[magic lantern whirring]
-[thunder crashes]
-[electricity thrums, fades]
[ominous orchestral music playing]
[wind whistling outside]
[frost crackling]
[crackling grows louder]
[orchestral music swells]
[thunder booms]
[distant banging]
[Nemo exhales]
[thunder crashing overhead]
[stairs creaking]
[Nemo sighs]
[echoing] Dad?
[door slamming in breeze]
-[door creaking]
-[exhales slowly]
[wind howling]
[orchestral music swells]
[lighthouse groans]
[Nemo screaming]
[water rushing]
-[screaming]
-[lighthouse rumbles]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[Nemo gasps, yelps]
Help! Help!
Help!
[frantically] Help!
[music fades]
[somber orchestral music playing]
[haunting choral music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[monster snarls]
[Nemo gasping]
[horn toots]
[motor approaching]
[Nemo gasps softly]
[somber music playing]
Carla?
["The Parting Glass" playing]
[Nemo] Carla, where's my dad?
Nemo,
he's gone, honey.
He's gone.
[shakily] I'm sorry.
-[Nemo crying]
-[Carla] Those were his wishes.
Did he talk with you about any of this?
Her mother died when she was a baby,
so she's used to
a single-parent household.
She doesn't have anybody else.
It's you,
or she becomes a ward of the state.
They'll stick her
in a group home or in foster…
[sighs deeply]
[exhales]
Nemo, do you remember your uncle?
No. I've never met him before.
Your dad left instructions.
If anything ever happened to him…
he wanted you to go
and stay with your uncle in the city.
But I have to take care of the lighthouse.
Nemo, you can't live alone.
But I can do it. I know how.
He's taught me everything.
-[Carla] I'm sorry, honey.
-[Nemo breathing shakily]
[music swells]
[man] "For tho' from out our bourne
Of Time and Place
The flood may bear me far"
"I hope to see my Pilot face to face
When I have crost the bar"
[loud, upbeat ringtone playing]
[softly] That's him.
[quietly] Hello?
No, it's not a good time.
My uh… My brother was lost at sea.
Mm. No, lost lost.
Like, I'm at his funeral.
We were estranged, actually.
Estranged.
I'm… I'm happy with my plan.
[call disconnects]
-Carla.
-Hello.
Hello.
[sighs] I'm so sorry for your loss.
Our loss, obviously.
Um, we can…
We better hit the road
if we're gonna catch the ferry.
[gentle version of
"The Parting Glass" playing]
[mournful flute solo playing]
[song fades out slowly]
[sirens wailing in distance]
[door closes]
-[horn honks]
-Uh, no shoes on the carpet.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-No…
It's a great building.
You never have to leave. [chuckles]
Which I basically never do
'cause I work from home.
Sorry.
There's a dry cleaner's, a coffee shop.
They even have
a, um… a spinning studio downstairs.
Are you into spinning?
Like spinning around?
I don't know. I… I've never tried it.
Hey… [spluttering]
Do you like doorknobs?
Ta-da!
These are my babies.
You're a doorknob salesman?
[scoffs] I'm not…
I'm not a doorknob salesman.
I own a company that sells doorknobs.
We sell latches. We sell escutcheons.
Here's where we differ.
A lot of the glamour boys in the industry,
they chase the latest trends, not us.
No, thank you.
We'll stick with the classics.
'Cause it's security. It's not fashion.
-Don't touch that.
-Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
That's not a toy.
This is an antique.
Came from a prison cell in Alcatraz.
In case I need to lock you
in your room. [chuckles]
I-- I-- I'm not gonna lock you
in your room.
That was… humor.
[door squeaks]
[wistful piano music playing]
[splutters] Do you need a hug or whatever?
No.
Well, good night.
[door squeaks]
[Nemo, softly] I know, Pig.
I wish we could be with him again too.
[wistful piano music swells]
[Uncle sighs]
[wistful piano music fades]
[cloth flutters]
[Pig snorts, grunting]
[bright orchestral music playing]
[Pig oinking, slobbers]
Pig.
[Pig sniffs and grunts]
[snorting loudly]
[oinks, squeals]
[dramatic music playing]
-What?
-[Pig oinks]
-[low rumbling]
-[Nemo yelps]
-[gasps]
-[Pig squealing]
-[bed legs rattling]
-[Nemo whimpering]
[Pig oinks]
-[Nemo grunts]
-[wood splintering]
-[Pig squeals]
-[Nemo yelps]
-[Pig grunts]
-[Nemo panting]
Wait!
-[Pig grunts, squeals]
-No.
[Nemo] Don't! Stop, stop! Wait!
[grunts]
Stop! Pause. Pause. Pause. Pause.
No! No, no, no! No! [gasps]
Stop! Stop! No, no, no, no, no! No! No!
[yells, gasps]
[bell tolling]
[Nemo] Red light. Stop!
-[tapping] Red light!
-[Pig oinks]
-[car horn blaring]
-[siren wailing]
[Pig snorts]
[gentle music playing]
[Pig oinks, sighs]
-[bed creaking]
-[bed legs clacking]
[frame creaks]
[Pig grunts]
[music swells]
[Nemo yelps]
-[giggles]
-[Pig spits, oinks]
[calming orchestral music playing]
[Pig snorts, oinks]
[majestic chimes playing]
[Pig grunts]
[pod of dolphins whooshing by]
[dolphins clicking and whistling]
[Pig squeals excitedly]
[whistling and clicking grows louder]
[calming music swells]
[music fades]
-[bed legs rattle, clatter]
-[Pig snorting]
-Come on, Pig.
-[Pig squealing]
-[taps] Thanks.
-[Pig grunts]
[squeals, oinking]
-[Nemo] Hi, Bugsy.
-[Bugsy caws]
[Nemo gasps]
[majestic music playing]
[Nemo gasps softly]
-[birds singing]
-[wings fluttering]
Dad?
-[wings flap]
-[Nemo gasps]
[birds chirping and trilling]
[small buffalo bellows]
[Pig grunting]
[waves crashing]
[wind whistling]
[floorboards creak]
-[distant crash]
-[Nemo gasps]
-[loud thumping upstairs]
-Dad?
-[clattering and shuffling]
-[toy squeaking]
[loud panting]
[metal clanging]
[glass shatters]
Dad?
[man gasps]
[all screaming]
[Nemo gasps]
[wardrobe doors slam shut]
[whimsical music playing]
[Pig grunting softly]
Who are you?
[wardrobe door squeaks]
Uh…
Nobody? [laughs nervously]
I'm just one of those weird things
that happens in dreams.
Ignore me. I'm leaving now.
[high-pitched] Aww!
[Nemo takes a deep breath]
[Pig oinks tentatively]
[Nemo inhales sharply]
[man, high-pitched] Come back later.
We're doin' dishes.
[doors squeak]
[flies buzzing]
[gruffly] 'Kay, so that didn't work.
[thuds loudly]
[man exhales slowly]
So, you're the kid.
-[grunts]
-[chair legs strain]
What are you doing here?
And where's my dad?
[scoffs] Nobody told you?
I know what happened.
[sighs, grunts] Well, your dad
and I were partners a long time ago,
before he went straight and had a kid.
Big mistake, in my opinion.
[chuckles slightly, sighs deeply]
[snarling] Mad, bad,
and dangerous to know.
Named Flip.
-You're Flip?
-[grunts softly] Yeah.
I thought you were something
my dad made up,
and you're different than I imagined.
Handsomer?
More "gorgeous-er," if you will?
Hairier.
-And… [sniffs] …smellier.
-[Flip] Hmm.
I mean, I know you're not real,
but I always pictured,
like, a normal human being.
Okay, you just said
like four insulting things
on top of each other.
Rude.
-[fly buzzes, splats]
-[Flip grunts, swishes]
-Listen, I just came to pay my respects.
-[fly buzzes, splats]
[chewing] Sorry for your loss. Hi-yah!
[Pig squeals]
By ripping my dad's room apart?
Oh, that reminds me…
[chuckling] …your dad, he had a map.
About this big.
Weird shapes and lines all over it.
Picture with an oyster
with a pearl on the back of it.
It's one-of-a-kind, kid.
We risked our lives stealing it.
-I never saw any map like that.
-[Flip] Don't lie to me, kid!
[growling, breathing shakily]
Your dad would want me to have it.
[Pig squealing]
I'm not lying.
Never mind, I'll find it myself.
[blows a raspberry]
Hey, you can't just bust in here
like some kind of thief.
-You say thief like it's a bad thing.
-[glass shatters]
A thief just takes things
that don't belong to them.
You can't take things
from other people's dreams.
[scoffs] Sure you can.
Ya just gotta know
how to get in and get out.
I'm in your dream.
You're just a figment of my imagination.
[Flip splutters, scoffing]
You wish you could dream up
somethin' this good. Look at that.
Mm! I look good.
Please! I don't want you here.
I just want my dad.
[clicks tongue] Oh.
[smacks lips] Okay.
What if there is a way
you can see your dad again?
What do you mean?
I'm goin' on a little treasure hunt,
and this treasure… is magic.
Lets you wish
for whatever you want here in Slumberland.
I could see my dad again.
Oh, yeah, you can see your dad again.
Right here, every night.
But I'm gonna need that map, kid.
-[tense music playing]
-I don't know what you're talking about.
[sucks teeth] Yeah, I believe you.
Hey, wait! I can try to find the map.
I can still come with you.
Oh, that sounds super fun.
Except you got no gear, no skills,
and without the map…
oh, you're useless to me.
-[Nemo gasps]
-Time to wake up, kid.
-[Nemo screams]
-[Pig squeals]
[Nemo panting]
A map.
[objects rustling]
[door handle rattles, squeaks]
Oh, you're up already. Good.
What are you doin'?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
I don't remember my dreams.
Don't actually think I have any.
I brought you some milk, right?
Are you, uh, excited
for your first day of school?
School?
-[school bell rings]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Uncle] This place should be amazing.
It costs a fortune.
My dad said schools are basically prisons.
They keep kids locked up
physically and mentally,
prepare them for jobs
that are also basically prisons,
until they retire
and go to a nursing home.
Their final prison.
School is not a prison.
Can I leave whenever I want to?
It's a little like a prison.
[school bell rings]
Bell doesn't help.
Nemo, hi.
Welcome to Westbrook.
-I am Ms. Arya, lower school counselor.
-Hey.
Hi.
Well, I know
what a… a difficult time this is but, um…
Hey, do you know
what the most resilient thing on earth is?
It's not titanium.
Is it tungsten?
It has a higher tensile strength--
The human spirit.
Oh, you mean metaphorically.
What you're going through, it's hard.
But you know what?
You are stronger than you know.
Hey, can we talk for a sec?
-Oh, yeah.
-Just one sec. Uh…
I, uh, just wanted to prepare you.
[quietly] Nemo's dad
kinda raised her like a hermit.
Not in a bad way, just…
you have your work cut out for you.
She… She's gonna need
a lot of emotional support.
Yeah. I mean, I'm hoping
that you guys can help with all that.
Oh. Well, we can't do that
all by ourselves.
-No.
-[both chuckle]
-Right?
-Right. Obviously.
Is that not something you do?
Look, I don't know how to take care
of a little kid or talk about feelings.
Now, I think that she would be better off
literally anywhere else.
[softly] Okay.
Oh, you have my hands.
Oy.
You are capable of more than you think.
[Uncle] Mm-hmm.
-[chuckles] Truly. You just gotta…
-[chuckles lightly]
You just gotta connect
with a part of yourself
that you're not used to accessing.
Right.
You just gotta connect with her.
-Just try.
-Okay.
-[door opens]
-Hi, everyone. Hi.
[quietly] Thanks, Ms. Young.
Hi, guys. How's everybody doing?
This is Nemo.
She's gonna be joining your class.
So if you could all
just make her feel right at home,
I would be so grateful.
[door opens]
Sorry.
Okay, everyone. Listen up.
[tuba case clatters]
In a victory for planet Earth,
we got compostable utensils
in the cafeteria.
Oh.
We won!
Hmm. Uh, Nemo, Jamal.
-Jamal, Nemo.
-[Jamal] It's a seven-day cycle.
You're late, you get a blue dot.
Three blues, and you get a red dot,
and your parents get a notification.
And you can get the app for your phone.
I don't have a phone.
That is refreshing.
You're gonna need the app, though.
Any clubs you're into?
I'm on recycling team,
Model UN, ceramics club,
Pop-Tarts, that's our improv group,
lawn bowling, Slavic chorus,
orchestra, woodworking, ultimate Frisbee…
Where'd you go to school before this?
I didn't. I was homeschooled.
Um, my dad and I lived in a lighthouse.
A lighthouse? That sounds awesome.
Why'd you move here?
My…
My dad's on a trip. That's why I'm here.
I'm staying with my uncle,
just temporarily.
Oh. Cool.
[groans]
[both groan]
Those are my Undeadheads.
We dress up as zombies
and watch zombie movies.
It's cooler than it sounds… I think.
Uh, come sit with us.
Um, I… I need to do my math.
[Jamal] Okay.
I have a great activity
we can do together.
Lockpicks.
Probably from some master thief.
Or maybe just a retiring locksmith.
That cool?
I first learned to do this
when I was about your age.
I was the first kid in school
interested in door hardware.
[lock clicking]
[Uncle] Now, the trick…
is to move both slowly.
Feel for the catch.
Before you know it…
[lock clangs]
Houdini who?
Houdini me. That's Houdini who.
That's a little… mantra.
You don't have to say that.
Wanna have a go?
I'm a little doorknobbed out.
That's fine. We can, um… [clicks tongue]
We'll do something else. We'll, uh…
play soccer.
We could play soccer.
Wanna… uh, build a pillow fort?
Are you reading a list off your phone?
-Yes. Yes, I am.
-[phone locks]
I'm gonna just…
Oh, sure. Totally.
[objects rustling]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[Pig grunting wildly]
Pig?
Pig, what are you doing?
[Pig grunting, snorting]
[Pig oinks]
[Nemo gasps]
[Nemo inhales]
[Nemo] Oh my gosh, Pig.
You found it.
Come on, Pig. Let's go find Dad.
Boring book, boring book, boring…
[music swells, fades]
[students chattering]
See ya.
Um, I have to check my schedule.
Can I see your phone?
Uh, yeah.
[boy] Wait up!
[Uncle] Look at you, using apps.
See what happens when you try?
[Nemo] Yup, just learnin' new stuff
all the time.
[tense music playing]
[machinery humming]
[steam hissing]
[Nemo grunts]
[tense music fades]
[birds chirping]
[wings flapping]
[Pig and small buffalo grunting]
[Nemo] Oh, Flip.
Come on, Pig.
[echoing] Flip?
[banging and rustling in tower]
Flip?
-[Pig grunting]
-[Nemo] Flip?
-[metal clanging]
-[Flip laughing]
-[Nemo] Flip!
-[tool clatters]
[Flip] You.
I found the map.
I knew I liked you. [chuckles]
-You tried to kill me.
-I was trying to wake you up.
Everybody knows
you can't die in your dreams.
You told me about this in my dream,
and then I find it in the Waking World.
How is that possible?
[clicks tongue] Maybe the real world's
bigger than you thought.
[laughs]
[breeze blowing]
[Nemo] Hey! It's my map.
You can't just take it.
Yeah, well,
I hate to break it to you, kid.
Taking people's stuff's kind of my thing.
[rock clatters]
-[Flip gasps]
-You said I could see my dad again.
I'm coming with you.
Listen, that's real sweet and all,
and I miss your dad too,
but you're not comin'! Go away.
[knocks twice]
[Flip gasps]
What was that?
Double-Knock.
He told you about the Double-Knock?
You have to take me. Outlaw Code.
Oh, don't tell me about the Outlaw Code.
I'm one of the cocreators
of the Outlaw Code.
Before me, it was just one knock.
This isn't some Girl Scout trip
to Lollipop Land, okay?
We're gonna have to travel through
people's dreams to get to that treasure.
So you get killed, it's on you.
You said you can't die in a dream.
I said you can't die in your dream.
You die in your dream, you wake up.
You die in someone else's dream,
you don't wake up. Ever.
I don't care. I'm coming.
Fine.
You slow me down, you screw things up,
this map is mine, and you're on your own.
-Deal.
-Let me see your gear.
[under breath] Double-Knock.
What is this? Extraordinary Knobs.
It's my Uncle Philip's.
He's a doorknob salesman.
He has no friends, no life,
and he makes me go to school.
What a monster.
Well, this'll put you to sleep
faster than any sleeping pill.
Okay, here. You hold on to this
when you fall asleep.
That way, you can find me
when we're on the road. Okay?
[Pig choking]
[Nemo grunts]
-[Pig burps]
-What the heck is that?
[Nemo] He's a pig, and his name is Pig.
Super creative. Fine.
Bring him. I love bacon.
All right. Look at this.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
The World of Dreams.
This is a map of every dream
in the world. Slumberland.
Your dad and I used this map to go
on all our adventures back in the day,
jumpin' from dream to dream,
to wherever we wanted to go.
We swiped this map
from a dream cop at the Bureau.
She's been chasing me ever since.
The Bureau?
Bureau of Subconscious Activities, BOSA.
Unfortunately for us, they're the bozos
that decide what you get to dream.
Unless you end up here.
-The Sea of Nightmares.
-[thunder crashing]
Sea of Nightmares.
My dad told me about that.
That's where the Pearls are.
[Flip] Greatest treasure in the world.
The sticky part
is those dream cops at the Bureau
don't want us to know they even exist.
Because you get your hands
on one of those bad boys,
and you can wish
for whatever you want here in Slumberland.
And it's out of their control.
I could see my dad again?
If you don't die. Which you probably will.
Oh my God. Your dad would kill me
if he knew I was doing this.
All right, listen,
we're looking for reoccurring dreams.
That way, we can get out
the same way that we got in.
Where's the door?
What door?
[sighs] The Bureau puts in secret doors
to connect the dreams.
Civilians aren't supposed to know,
unless you're a genius like myself.
Hi-yah!
[martial arts shout] Look out!
[music swells, fades]
Okay, that was definitely not here before.
All right, we go through this door,
everything changes.
You slip up, you're dead.
You'll never see the Waking World again.
Okay. [takes a deep breath]
What are we waiting for?
That's the spirit.
All right. Welcome to my world, kid.
Brand-new dream, still under construction.
-[orchestral music swells]
-[butterfly wings flapping]
[Flip] Ooh.
Elegante.
Spanish for "I look good."
I'm a flippin' outlaw,
so I don't play by the rules.
But here's the rules.
Rule number one, keep a low profile.
We don't wanna get caught messin' around
in other people's dreams, trust me.
-If the dream pigs catch you, they will--
-[Pig grunts]
Oh. My bad, buddy.
If the dream cops catch you,
they will lock you up
and throw away the key.
Doomed to rot
in a dingy Bureau prison cell
for all of eternity
till you cease to exist entirely.
So blend in.
Yeah, 'cause you totally blend in.
Rule number two, stay focused.
[whistles] We're not here
to have fun, okay?
We get in,
we find the next door, then we get out.
Onto the next dream.
Our one and only mission
is finding those Pearls.
Rule number three.
We're not friends. We're not partners.
I am the boss. El Jefe, 'kay?
We do as I say, you got it?
So rule number three's
just a bunch of aggressive statements?
Nobody likes a smart aleck, kid.
-[in Spanish] Excuse me.
-[Flip] Hey, buddy. What's up?
Are you sure you're in the right dream?
[Flip] Ooh.
I don't see you on my list.
[Flip] Mmm.
The girl represents long-lost childhood.
I'm a troubling mix of a father figure
and raw, masculine power.
[manager clears throat, clicks tongue] Uh…
And… what is this?
[Pig belches]
Brother…
[chuckles]
[in English, with Spanish accent]
…sometimes a pig is just a pig.
Silly puerco.
-[Flip oinks]
-[both chuckle]
Yes.
[in Spanish] Library.
[clears throat] Perdón.
Uh…
Do you party?
No, I don't.
You party. I party.
[mutters] Okay.
-Gracias.
-Okay.
[in English] What was that?
I don't know Spanish.
That's the only word I know.
Leave it to the pros.
That's me. That's professional.
Ooh, it's all about the Miss D,
misdirection.
Did you know that? Boop!
I don't even know if this is real.
Oh, that's real.
[salsa music playing]
[dancers cheering]
Now we're talkin'. [laughs]
Who wants the Waking World
when you got all this, huh?
-[excited chatter]
-[woman singing in Spanish]
[man shouts in Spanish]
[band singing in Spanish]
[music building]
[horn section playing]
[Green] Oi! Agent Green.
Bureau of Subconscious Activities.
This the thieving punk you rang about?
[ominous music playing]
[Green] Cheers, mate.
[salsa music continues]
[singing in Spanish]
-[horn section playing]
-[singer exclaims]
Our next door
is behind the stage, yeah. [chuckles]
[band leader, in Spanish] And now,
the Salsa Queen of Old Havana!
[guests cheering and applauding]
[women laughing and exclaiming]
[band stops]
-[crowd cheering her on in Spanish]
-[salsa beat playing]
[in English] There's our dreamer.
-[laughs] Classic repression dream.
-[Nemo] What's that?
Well, you never heard of Freud?
[in singsong] Repression.
All those feelings get bottled up,
and they go busting out in Slumberland.
I guarantee she's nothin' like that
in the Waking World.
Believe me.
[woman cheering]
[in Spanish accent] You see me? Yes.
-Hi-yah!
-[Nemo yelps]
["Aguanile" playing]
[in Spanish] Mm! What is that scent?
Mm. [sniffs]
[in English] It's au naturel. By Flip.
[sighs, in Spanish]
Such raw, masculine power.
Gracias.
But at the same time… a deep sadness.
Like a lost little boy, far from home.
Huh?
[sighs] Dance with me.
[in English] Hey!
You said we weren't here to have fun.
I said you're not here to have fun.
I'm an outlaw.
If I'm not havin' fun,
I'm doin' my job wrong.
-Know what I'm sayin'?
-Hmm.
[in Spanish] Who's she?
Go away, Nemo.
You'll ruin the nice lady's dream.
-Buh-bye.
-[Nemo grunts]
[party guests cheer and exclaim]
[Flip grunting]
[guests shout]
[wings fluttering]
[Flip laughing]
-[wings flapping loudly]
-Flip!
-[music grows sinister]
-[Nemo] What about the Pearls?
-[tempo slows]
-[sounds distort]
[Nemo, whimpering] Flip!
[panting] Flip?
Please!
[somber piano version
of "The Parting Glass" playing]
[Nemo breathing shakily]
[wind whistling]
[Flip sighs]
-[thunder crashes]
-[Nemo gasps]
[Flip] What the Flip?
[glass tinkling]
Oh…
That's no bueno.
Adiós. Let's get to that door, fast.
-Oh!
-[gun charging]
Hello, Flip. Where's that map?
[snarls] Green.
I've been waiting
for this for a long time.
The dream cop.
You're under a--
[ceiling creaking]
[shakily] What… the…?
"What the…?" [chuckles]
-[high-pitched] Aww!
-[glass shattering]
[party guests clamoring]
[Flip] Nightmare!
[guest screams]
[monster growls, roars]
[party guests shrieking]
[suspenseful orchestral music playing]
[Nemo whimpers, screams]
[Flip grunts]
[Nemo yelps]
[monster growling menacingly]
Look out!
[piano clanging]
[Nemo whimpers, shouts]
[both screaming]
-[monster thuds]
-[tentacle slithers]
-[monster snarling]
-[Flip] Argh! No!
[grunting and straining] Oh my God!
Ew, yucky!
-[music fades]
-[Flip] Holy moly.
It took years for me
to shake that cop off my tuchus.
[Pig snorting softly]
First dream out with you,
I get her and a nightmare?
You're like a bad luck charm.
And I don't get it.
That nightmare
flew right past the dreamer.
[sighs] Why the heck
was it coming after us?
I've seen it before.
[somber music playing]
The night my dad died.
It's yours. It's your nightmare.
What?
You brought the nightmare.
Nightmares smell fear.
It's tracking you, and nightmares
won't stop until they get you.
[panting] Do you ruin
every party you go to?
I've never even been to a party.
I never should've brought you.
Give me the map back.
No. I did the Double-Knock.
Give it to me!
-[boy singing in distance]
-[Pig oinks]
[Flip] What is that?
[smoke billows]
No, no, no. Don't--
Don't wake up! Don't wake up!
No, give me… give me the map!
-[Nemo gasps]
-[Jamal singing Slavic folk song]
[Nemo gasps]
-Hey.
-Uh, what are you doing here?
[cart's wheels squeak]
Checking my mushrooms.
Mushroom club. It's a… one-person club.
Are you hiding out down here?
No.
'Cause I mean, you weren't in class,
and this looks a little bit
like a secret hideout, so…
School thinks I'm on a trip,
and my uncle thinks I'm at school.
Hardcore.
Uh, you won't tell anybody
I'm here, though, right?
Omertà, the vow of silence.
You can try some of my mushrooms.
Just brush 'em off first. It's manure.
It's not my poop,
so it isn't weird or anything.
Bye.
See ya. [sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey… [sighs]
…squirt. [chuckles]
Can I take the…
I wanna show you something really cool.
You ready?
[Nemo] Mm-hmm.
And… surprise.
I arranged with Carla to get it here,
and I figured
maybe this Saturday we could go sailing.
I mean, you could go sailing.
I'm strictly a dry-land guy
due to my sensitive bowels.
You should sell it or something.
[wistful piano music playing]
I don't think I wanna sail anymore.
[Philip] Nemo, I know this is hard.
And different and scary.
But I think it would be a mistake
if you shut yourself off from the world,
like your dad did.
What are you talking about?
Your dad was… different before.
And then, when your mom died--
My dad wasn't shut off.
[scoffs] Nemo, he moved to an island.
Do you ever go anywhere or do anything?
Do you have any actual friends?
Doorknobs don't count.
[scoffs] I'm just saying,
don't be afraid to…
I don't know, have fun again.
I'm not afraid of anything.
-I'm gonna go to bed.
-[mouthing] What?
It's like 5:30.
I know you wanna sleep
all the time because you're sad.
I know that feeling.
But life is
what happens when you're awake.
Not mine!
[wistful music fades]
[police sirens wail in distance]
[Nemo sighs]
[whining] Go to sleep.
Go to sleep. Go to sleep.
[Nemo sighs]
-Damn it. This is interesting!
-[book thuds]
You okay?
I just wanna sleep.
Maybe if you tried
putting on some pajamas.
This is what I wear to bed.
Okay, well, what did your dad do
to help you get to sleep?
Sometimes… he'd tell me stories.
Aren't you a little old for that?
-Never mind.
-[Philip] No, it's fine.
I can try to make up a story.
Okay. Sorry, I didn't realize
you were gonna be watching me.
That's… That's fine.
This is a story based on a true story
about a man…
on Christmas Eve…
I think.
Who took delivery
of 30,000 porcelain doorknobs
from a supplier in France,
but instead of being
three inches in diameter,
these knobs were
three centimeters. [chuckles]
Try fitting a metric doorknob
onto a standard escutcheon.
-What to do?
-[gentle music playing]
You would need a Christmas miracle.
But then our hero realized
that these little knobs
were the perfect size
for standard cabinet drawer pulls.
You must be exhausted.
That was the exciting part.
[kisses] Good night, Nemo.
[Pig grunting]
[majestic music playing]
[Pig squealing]
[vending machine rattling]
[Flip grunting]
Flip.
-Ah!
-[vending machine clatters]
Well.
You came back.
[grunts] I'm impressed.
-I'm proud of you.
-Really?
Nah. Go away. Go home.
I don't have a home.
Without that Pearl, I don't have anything.
You don't get it, kid.
Nightmares smell fear.
And you, you're scared.
I'm not scared.
I mean it. [growls]
Just take your feelings,
crumple 'em up in a little ball,
and shove 'em down deep.
'Cause I'm not doin' this for you.
I'm doin' it for your dad.
Same.
Yeah? Yeah, double same.
[Pig grunting]
-[Nemo] Pig!
-[Pig oinks]
[Flip] No. No pigs. Get outta here.
-[Nemo] Come on, Pig.
-[Pig snorting]
So, who are you in the Waking World?
Or… what are you?
Don't remember, don't care. [sighs]
Haven't woken up for a long time.
Well, I mean, you kinda have to wake up.
Everybody wakes up.
Not me.
After your dad quit the game
before he had you,
I just kept goin', y'know?
Door after door, dream after dream.
Then I realized…
[laughing] …I don't have to wake up.
You know, after a while,
you sort of forget
about the small details, like, uh,
y'know, who I am.
[inhales sharply]
Anyhoo, when I get that Pearl,
I'll have everything that I want.
What are you gonna wish for?
[Flip] No more Agent Green would be nice.
[Pig oinks]
All I want is my dad.
If I could see him, I don't really care
what happens in the Waking World.
-Yeah, I miss your dad too.
-[Pig sighs]
So, he told you all about me, huh?
-Every night.
-Yeah, man.
We were a heck of a team.
Goin' wherever we wanted,
takin' whatever we wanted.
We were tippy-top
of the Bureau's most wanted list.
[chuckles] Oh, man.
Now I think I'm down to 13,
but… I'm bouncin' back.
I can feel it. [sniffs]
Anyways… [sighs, groans]
…I just can't get a bead
on this next door.
It keeps movin'.
[distant whirring]
[engine revving]
Oh man.
[Pig oinks]
The door is in the truck. Shh.
[both giggle]
-[Flip] Cool. Cool.
-[Nemo] Cool. Cool. Cool.
-[sighs] Yeah, right?
-[Nemo] Mm-hmm.
[high-pitched] Aww!
You party?
-Yeah, you party.
-[Nemo] Yeah, I party so hard.
Huh?
-Clear.
-[high-pitched] Aww!
[Flip laughing maniacally]
[Flip grunts]
-Yeah!
-[Pig screams]
[Flip grunts] Yeah. [laughs]
-[engine revving]
-[Flip yelps]
Shred the gnar!
Who dreams of driving a garbage truck?
Don't judge. At least it's original.
It's not like, "Oh my God, I didn't study
for the test. Where's my pants?"
Or, uh, "Hey,
I'm ridin' a giant goose, eh?"
I've never heard
of the giant goose one before.
Most popular dream in Canada, kid.
Look it up.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[engine revving]
Green. [snarls]
-[grunts]
-[Nemo and Pig scream]
[tires screeching]
[gun charging]
[gun clicks]
[Flip grunting]
-[gasps] Flip!
-[bells ringing]
-[Flip groans]
-[Nemo] Flip!
-[groans] Oh! [grunts]
-[lever clicks]
[compactor whirring]
[Nemo gasps]
Flip, help! Flip, help!
Green.
[tires screeching]
[glass shattering]
[Flip straining]
[echoing] Look!
Look at how strong I am.
Ta-da!
-[glass shattering]
-[tires screeching]
[glass crunches]
[metal creaking and clanking]
[tires squeal]
[Flip] Hurry, the door's in the cab.
[Green's engine revving]
You gotta be kidding me.
She does not give up.
Yeah, she wants her map back.
Oh, no.
[grunting]
[Nemo whimpering]
[glass shatters]
[Flip] Whoa.
[laughs]
[both yelp]
-[Flip strains]
-[glass shattering]
[tires screeching]
[Nemo panting]
This is awesome.
[distant thunder rumbling]
[orchestral music swells]
[building thuds]
[group screaming]
What kind of maniac is drivin' this thing?
[plush toys squeaking]
-Go! Go! Go! Go!
-[Nemo screams]
[Nemo panting, grunts]
-[music swells, fades]
-Oh, hello.
[on radio] ♪ The wheels on the bus… ♪
I'm driving my truck.
That explains the poor cornering skills.
Killer tats. Drive your truck faster, sir.
-[engine revs]
-[group screams]
Oh, boy!
[Emmett and Flip laughing hysterically]
[engines revving]
Where's the door? Uh…
Oh, here it is.
Here, hold on to that. Hold on. [grunting]
It's locked. Of course it is.
-Awesome.
-[Green's engine revving]
[Flip] That's not ideal.
[waterfall cascading]
[tires screeching]
[gun charging]
[sound waves whoosh]
[tires squeal in slow motion]
[group screaming in slo-mo]
[smoke billows]
[all groan]
[brakes screech]
[Nemo panting]
[Flip] Oh, great.
Again, not ideal.
Keep it together, kid.
-[panting] I can do this.
-Oh, man.
[inhales]
[latch clattering]
[low rumbling]
[Nemo screams]
You're a nightmare magnet.
[monster roars]
[monster snarling and snapping]
[Pig squeals]
[music fades]
-[tank lid clatters]
-[Nemo gasping for air]
[Pig squealing]
[Flip grunting]
Hey.
[laughing hysterically]
[Nemo and Flip laughing loudly]
[Flip] We did it!
Yeah!
[both continue laughing]
Yeah! Ah!
[laughter fades]
[Pig oinks, squeals]
[Flip growls]
Yeah.
-Whoo!
-[dryer whirring]
That's what I call a getaway.
I thought you were gonna lose an arm.
-I thought it was gonna get gross.
-What are you doing?
Normally I drip-dry,
but I learned this little ditty
from a real gangster's dream.
Pretty rebellious, you know?
Now put your hands up, ready? Here.
♪ Don't touch my horns
'Cause they hold up my halo ♪
Come here.
[Flip singing] Oh, oh, oh.
Shoot 'em off.
♪ 'Cause we're outlaws
Get off me, get off me! ♪
-[Nemo giggles]
-[sighs] I'm proud of you.
We're gonna make an outlaw outta you yet.
-[high-pitched snicker]
[gun charging]
-[gun beeps]
-Run!
-[gun blasts]
-[sound waves whoosh]
[Green] Whoo!
You made me work for it,
I'll give you that.
Finally, I can retire, get some sun.
Thirty years.
Thirty years chasing your sorry butt
for mucking up people's dreams.
I'm 160.
I should have retired ages ago, but no.
I couldn't clear
your flippin' name off my board.
Well, I got you now.
All-inclusive.
One of the top-rated dreams
in Slumberland.
I'll be sure to send you a postcard.
In jail, of course.
Whoo!
Not like there's any glory in it.
Whoop-de-do!
I caught Slumberland's 28th most wanted.
-[watch beeps]
-[Flip groans] Twenty-eight? Try 13.
You're slippin', mate.
-Right. You're under arrest.
-[high-pitched] Aww!
You got nothin'.
You brought a squid to a salsa party.
Do you think that's funny?
[Flip chuckles] Put it that way,
it's kinda funny. Right?
Oh, okay.
With popcorn, they're delicious.
[whispering] Pick those up.
You just put those in there.
I know I didn't do that.
I stole that fair and square.
-[Green] Where's my map?
-[Flip scoffs] Your map?
It's ancient history.
I have no idea where that map is.
And who's this? Your bodyguard?
Who, her? Yeah, I dragged her along.
Got nothing to do with it. It was all me.
You've done a lot of crime, Flip.
-You're gonna do a lot of time.
-[faucets squeak]
[Green] As in forever.
[metal clanking]
[Green] All right, let's get you locked up
and find that map, why don't we?
I'm actually gonna miss hunting you down.
Oi! [whistles] Here.
If it makes you feel any better,
you could just let me go.
[Green] Hmm…
Nah, it's gonna make me feel
really good to lock you up.
[chuckles] You make that sound kinda fun.
-[doors and ceiling whirring]
-Whee! [sniffs]
That was inappropriate. I'm… I'm sorry.
-[elevator dings]
-You think you're this big man.
-But you're just a pathetic little--
-Hey, Cindy.
Oh! Hey, Frank.
Cindy? 160-year-old Cindy.
[mockingly] Sassy Cindy.
-[grunts, softly] Sorry, Cindy. [sniffles]
-[display panel beeping]
So, uh, still over in Oedipal dreams?
Uh, no. They moved me to 6200.
Oh. That's exhausting.
[elevator bell dings]
Hey, at least I get my steps in, right?
-[Green] Mm-hmm.
-[high-pitched] Aww! [chuckles]
Waffle?
-[waffle splats]
-[Flip grunts]
[elevator rattles]
You're just a pathetic little man-boy.
-Thank you.
-[Green] Mm.
We run a finely tuned machine here.
We can't have losers like you
botching up the works.
And I've met punks like you before.
"Whoo-hoo!"
"Slumberland, just one nonstop party!"
"I'm never gonna leave!"
And then one day,
you realize… you're all alone.
You've got no friends, no family.
No one gives a damn about you,
all because you didn't want to wake up.
What do you think I'm tryin' to do?
[Green] Well, now
you'll just be a vague memory.
-Flip, you had a good run. Mm.
-[elevator bell dings]
But now, you're done.
-[door slams]
-[lock clicks]
No! No! No! No!
Please! Stop!
Stop! No!
[Pig grunting]
[Nemo whimpering]
[Flip] Forget it, kid.
We're in here for good.
[Nemo sighs]
[Nemo] What do we do now?
[sighs] There's nothing we can do.
I thought you didn't wanna wake up.
I can't.
When you stay in Slumberland too long,
you forget everything.
I just thought if I got that Pearl,
I could remember who I am.
[gentle orchestral music playing]
I just wanna wake up.
She's right.
Nobody gives a damn about me.
I do.
[high-pitched snicker]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[keys jingle]
Bodyguard, come with me.
What about him?
[Green] Oh, he's checked in for good.
But he can't help it.
-He doesn't remember who he is.
-Chop-chop. Well, now he can remember.
He's got loads of time.
-Sorry it didn't work out, kid.
-[cell door squeaks, clangs]
Not many people
get to peek behind the curtain.
-Want to see where the magic happens?
-[phones ringing]
Welcome to the Bureau
of Subconscious Activities.
Clearly, management
hasn't updated our wardrobe
or the facilities since the early '70s,
'cause the Bureau blows its budgets
on the dreams, and we get the leftovers.
So, two ways this can go.
You can end up like Flip,
alone, in a cell forever.
Or I can cut you loose,
but I'm only going to do that
if you've learnt your lesson.
Otherwise, you can go straight to rot
in a cell in juvie. [exhales]
-[Pig grunting]
-[snaps fingers]
So, looks like you're going
through some stuff.
We gave you the lighthouse dream.
That's your safe place.
The nightmares can't get you there.
But my dad's not there.
I wanna see my dad.
Yeah, we don't give you what you want.
We give you what you need.
Everything in Slumberland
happens for a reason.
You're messing with
a finely tuned machine here, love.
Then give me a dream with my dad.
-And I'll never leave.
-Yeah. No dream lasts forever. All right?
Sooner or later, they all fade.
You're gonna visit the lighthouse
for a little while,
and then it's gonna be gone,
then you'll have other dreams.
You'll move on.
I don't wanna move on.
[sighs] If you don't move on,
the nightmares will find you,
and they will destroy you.
Then how do I make them go away?
By being brave.
And when you're brave enough,
then they can't hurt you.
I'm not afraid of anything.
Being brave isn't about not being scared.
It's about doing what you have to do,
even when you are.
And I know you're not afraid
of car chases or jumping off cliffs.
I'm talking about
what you're really scared of. Being alone.
Someday, you're gonna find something new.
Something so important
that you're going to stop trying
to hold on to what's already gone.
And when that happens,
that big scary squid
that's been chasing you around?
It'll vanish into thin air.
No more nightmares.
Until puberty.
Yeah, that whole thing's
a frickin' nightmare.
You think some magic Pearl's
gonna solve all your problems?
Let me let you in on a little secret.
[gentle music playing]
[whispering] There are no Pearls.
It's a myth.
Stay where you belong.
Nemo, you have the dream
you're meant to have.
We make sure of that.
Time to wake up.
-[Nemo panting]
-[gentle music fades]
[door squeaks open]
Hey. Can't sleep?
Me neither.
You know, things get darkest
right before the dawn.
The world's stupid that way. [chuckles]
[crying] I'm never gonna see him again.
[Philip inhales sharply]
[wistful piano music playing]
I wanna show you something.
Sit down.
I haven't looked
through this stuff in years.
Ooh.
Where is…? Ah.
[camcorder whirs]
[softly] Come on.
That's your dad.
[wistful music swells]
That's my dad?
[Philip] I worshipped him back then.
Your dad and I,
all we really had was each other.
He told me stories too… every night.
Wild adventures we were gonna go on.
Long-lost treasure we were gonna find.
We lived in a fantasy world.
Probably 'cause it was better
than the real world.
Red string?
Right, that was our special trick
for finding each other
in our dreams. [chuckles]
Your dad and I were convinced
we'd figured out
how to meet up in our dreams
and go on those adventures.
Flip?
How'd you know about that?
You're dressed like Flip.
I don't understand.
Flip was my outlaw name.
I was pretty shy.
When I was with other kids,
I barely spoke.
But when I was
with your dad in our dreams,
I could be whoever I wanted to be.
And for me, that was Flip.
And then your dad met your mom,
and she was so great.
Looked just like you.
And um… they decided
to have a real adventure.
I begged him not to go.
But off they went,
sailed around the world.
And then I was alone,
and I shut down, even worse than before.
You said you don't remember your dreams.
-That's when it started, right?
-[clicks tongue] Yeah, I guess.
I was pretty broken up about it.
I didn't sleep for three nights.
And after that, no more Flip.
I was just Philip.
Your dad would call
from time to time to check in,
and he'd tell me
about all his crazy adventures.
And he'd ask me what I was doin', and…
I'd have to tell him
all about my boring life.
[shakily] So after a while, I just…
let him go to voice mail.
Anyway… ancient history now.
I moved on. I'm sure he did too.
I have to go back.
I mean, I have to get ready for school.
Uh, ready? What? It's like 5:00 a.m.
I've got a lot to do.
Can I borrow your lockpicks… for school?
Go ahead. Take 'em.
My dad didn't move on.
He told stories about you every night.
[Philip crying softly]
[wistful music building]
[Philip sniffles, laughs]
-[music fades]
-[inhales sharply]
[tense music playing]
Nemo. Hey.
I gotta go.
I heard Davenport
and Arya talking about her.
You know why she moved here, right?
Her dad died.
[Pig oinks]
[door creaks]
-[wings fluttering]
-Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry.
-[truck door slams]
-[Nemo panting] Hey, kid.
-I'm driving my truck.
-[Pig oinks]
-I know.
-[hatch squeaks]
[tank lid clatters loudly]
[door squeaks, closes heavily]
You, out.
[faucets squeak]
-[display panel beeping]
-[Pig grunting]
[elevator music version of
"A Summer Place Theme" playing ]
-Long-lost childhood.
-[Pig snorts]
[in adult's voice] Babies.
Obviously.
[Nemo sighs]
-[elevator rattles, bell dings]
-Oh, well. [chuckles]
Time to make the doughnuts.
[babies fussing outside]
-[baby] Have a nice day.
-[Pig snorts]
-[Flip blowing a kazoo]
-Shh!
[quietly] You came back for me.
You gotta come for your partner,
even if he's a pain in the--
-Applesauce!
-Tie this while I get you outta here.
Oh, I know. [laughs]
[lock rattling]
Pickin' locks?
-I knew you were an outlaw.
-[lock clangs]
Houdini who? Houdini me.
That's Houdini who. [giggles]
[growling] Yes!
Ahh!
[grunting]
[phones ringing]
[indistinct office chatter]
[typewriters clacking]
[Flip chuckles]
-Whoa, check this out.
-What do we got here?
-[Red] Hey.
-[Pig oinks]
[high-pitched] Aww!
[in Brooklyn accent]
Say, uh, I'm from juvie,
and this guy was stealin' from us.
[scoffs] Toys, candies, puppy dogs.
Yeah, you got nothin' on me, kid. [growls]
-You like wreckin' kids' dreams, scumbag?
-[Flip whimpering]
You like tearin' the heads off
of teddy bears, huh? Huh? Huh?
-[Flip groans]
-How 'bout I tear your head off?
[crying] Guys, take me away.
She's so mean.
Juvie, man. They do not mess around.
[Brown] Mm-mm.
Yo, I gotta bail.
-Right.
-Okay, see you after lunch.
[Brown] Mm-hmm.
-[Flip] Ow!
-[Pig snorts]
[Flip] Is this really necessary?
[tense music playing]
Hi-yah!
-[elevator bell dings]
-[Pig oinks]
-[Flip] Well, that's awkward.
-[sighs] You must be having a laugh, mate.
[Flip] Uh-uh-uh.
Let's see how tough you are
without that thingamabobber.
Okay. Want some of this, do ya?
-Yeah? Ready for it?
-[Flip] Yeah!
[groaning]
Oh, man. [whines, panting]
You're so tough for a 160-year-old lady.
You're under a--
[gun charging]
It's all about misdirection.
You're gonna make me really regret
being so nice to you. [gasps]
[gun blasts]
[Flip laughing hysterically]
Yes. Excuse me, Cindy.
-[Nemo] Excuse me. Excuse me.
-Pardon me. Uh…
How's this gonna work? Oh, boy.
-There ya go. Ah, okay.
-[Nemo] Ow.
-[Green thuds]
-[Flip] Oh. Oops. Uh…
Here we go.
-And you.
-[elevator bell dings]
[Flip laughing]
-Hey, here.
-[Nemo] Oh.
-Get a "momento."
-[Nemo] Ah.
-Yeah, right.
-[Nemo] Say cheese.
Fromage!
-[camera clicks]
-[Flip laughs]
-Perfect.
-[Flip gasps]
-[elevator bell dings]
-Sorry. Sorry.
-[Flip] Sorry, not sorry.
-[Nemo laughs]
All right. Okay, hey, look.
-[Pig squealing]
-[Flip] Okay.
Yeah.
This elevator's gonna take us
right where we wanna go.
The last stop
before the Sea of Nightmares.
[laughing] We're gonna get our Pearls.
Yeah, about that.
I have to tell you something.
Okay, well, just wait a second.
[snickers] Classic, right?
[chuckles] Yeah. There are no Pearls.
[sighs, chuckling slightly]
What're you talking about?
It's a myth. Agent Green told me.
And you believed her? [scoffs]
She was just tryin'
to keep you in your place.
It ain't no myth, believe me.
-How do you know?
-'Cause your dad saw them.
We were there. Sea of Nightmares?
Yeah, he went
all the way down the whirlpool.
All the way to the bottom.
And then he saw the Pearls,
thousands of 'em.
Your dad had the greatest imagination…
but he would never lie.
[Agent Green gasps]
[huffs]
-[alarm bell ringing]
-[elevator whirs]
[elevator music slows and distorts]
We can't go back.
[elevator rattles]
We're not goin' back. [chuckles]
-[Flip grunting]
-[doors creak open]
[Flip] C'mon, kid.
-[both panting]
-Ooh, it's bright.
[calming orchestral music playing]
-[Pig squealing]
-Much better.
Okay, here we go.
Pig!
[Pig oinks]
Come on, kid!
The final door's gotta be
out here somewhere.
Keep goin'! Go! Go!
-[both panting]
-[Flip] Hey.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. Whoa.
[Canadian geese squawking]
[Nemo] So, what do we do now?
[Flip scoffs]
[laughing] Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
[in Canadian accent] Whoa! Oh, hey there!
How about this view, eh?
-Canada?
-Like I said, number-one dream.
[door creaks open]
[suspenseful music playing]
Go away! [grunts]
Eat this, Green!
[Canadian geese honking]
[Flip laughing maniacally]
[Flip] Yeah!
-Come on, Flip!
-What're you doin'?
-[Nemo] The geese!
-[Flip] Oh, but you're crazy!
[both screaming]
[giant goose honks]
Yeah! [laughing]
[both cheering]
[soaring orchestral music playing]
Whoo-hoo!
[Canadian] Whoa, hey!
[laughs] You think
that's a thing of beaut?
Well, let me tell ya, there's a Timmies.
That's a Tim Horton's for ya.
Pert near 20 clicks that way--
-Hey, buddy.
-[Canadian] Oh, yeah, eh?
I wanna swipe your gooser here, eh?
Uh, yeah. Sure, bud. Scooch my goose.
[laughing] Keep your stick on the ice!
-Ooh. Right down there.
-[goose honks]
-[wind whipping]
-[both cheering]
[Nemo laughing]
[Flip] Yeah!
[laughing maniacally] Whoo!
[soaring music fades]
Oh, man.
-Hey, Bob?
-[giant goose honks]
-[Flip] That was awesome.
-[loud honk]
-[Flip imitates honk, sighs]
-Bye, Bob.
[Pig retching, burps]
[Nemo and Flip chuckle]
I think you and I should be partners.
What do you think?
Look, there's something
I need to tell you.
There it is! I found it before you!
-[laughing]
-[Nemo] Race ya!
Last one there is a rotten dream!
-[energetic orchestral music playing]
-Wait, wait, wait.
-Be cool. Be cool. Be cool.
-[Pig snorts]
-[both laughing]
-[Flip] Whoa, whoa.
[quietly] It's the final door.
And it's open.
-Which is a first.
-[whispering] Why are you being quiet?
-[Flip] 'Cause it's scary.
-[Nemo] And dark.
-[Flip] Yeah, and dark.
-[Nemo] And creepy.
[Flip] Yeah.
-[music swells]
-[shouts] Hey!
[Flip's voice echoing]
[Pig snorts]
I was just makin' sure no one's in there.
[Pig grunting]
Well, you know, it's the gateway
to the Sea of Nightmares, so… [chuckles]
Pearls are in here somewhere. All right.
Okay.
[Pig oinks]
Ready?
-[Nemo takes a deep breath]
-Here we go, partner.
-I don't wanna go first.
-It's okay.
-But I'm scared.
-[Flip] It's an initiation, so…
-[Nemo] Okay.
-[Flip] All right.
[music swells, turns ominous]
-[wind howling]
-[thunder crashing]
[Flip] Oh.
It's cold.
[Flip] Whoa.
[waves crashing]
[Flip] That's a whole lot of water.
Okay. [clears throat]
Gonna go for a little swim. No big deal.
I know who you are.
Huh?
I found out in the Waking World.
Why the hell didn't you tell me?
Wait. Do I still have my hair?
Yeah. Just not as much.
Let me guess.
I'm a famous outlaw, yeah?
Men fear me? Ladies love me?
You're a doorknob salesman.
What'd you call me?
You're my dad's brother, Philip.
You and my dad came to Slumberland
every night when you were kids.
And then, he left.
Oh, wow.
After that, Philip stopped dreaming,
and you couldn't wake up.
I remember.
But when you get your Pearl,
you can wake up,
and you can be one person again.
This is a buzzkill.
I'm gonna get us both killed for that guy?
We're so close, and he needs you.
Well, I don't need him, all right?
I got everything that I want right here.
Wine, women, waffles. The three dubs.
Not necessarily in that order.
I'm not a knob seller.
I'm a flippin' outlaw!
But I thought that when we get our Pearls,
I could be with my dad at night,
and during the day, I could be with you.
You could be like my part-time dad.
I am nobody's dad, kid.
So you're just giving up?
I'll tell you what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna go find a dream
with a bar in it,
and then I'm gonna drink
until I forget who I am again.
Then I'm gonna go find someone's ex.
'Cause there's a lot of them around here.
But I… I did the Double-Knock.
So did I, kid.
The night your dad left,
I begged him to stay.
I'll go without you.
I'll see my dad again,
and I don't care if I never wake up.
Hey, no. You can't.
It's too dangerous to go in alone.
You can't tell me what to do…
'cause you're not my dad.
I never shoulda brought you.
Just go back to where you belong.
Otherwise, you're gonna end up like me.
[wind gusting]
[water rushing]
Nemo.
[in a woman's voice] Nemo. Wake up.
Wake up!
-[Nemo gasps, shudders]
-[Arya] Nemo?
Get your things.
We're calling your uncle.
[Arya] It's not just the lying, Nemo.
It's sneaking off like that.
No one knew where you were.
For all we knew,
you could've been in terrible danger.
Yeah.
Why would you do that?
You wouldn't understand.
Why don't you try me?
-[rain softly pattering]
-[thunder rumbling]
[Nemo sighs]
Okay.
Well, m-- Maybe it would help
if, uh… if you went first.
Philip?
Would you like to tell Nemo
how you're feeling?
I don't know what you want me to say.
I don't do feelings.
Everyone does feelings,
whether you like it or not.
You two are in the same boat.
You just don't realize it.
Guys, come on.
You're both struggling
with powerful emotions,
and you just…
you just need to deal with them.
Do we, though?
Um, everybody always says that,
but… I'm not convinced.
I-- I-- I've [scoffs]
I've never dealt
with my feelings, and I'm fine.
I was fine.
Should've just had them send me
to foster care.
You'd probably be better off.
At least foster parents
know how to be parents.
[thunder rumbling]
Nemo, we should probably talk.
I don't wanna talk.
You wanna get rid of me, so get rid of me.
[sighs] I'm not trying
to get rid of you, Nemo.
I'm… I'm trying to help you.
You're as bad as he is.
What? Who?
You only care about yourself.
Are you kidding?
I have done nothing but take care of you.
I-- I-- I cook.
I-- I entertain.
I try.
And what do I get in return?
You just lie to my face.
I think we're bonding,
and I let you borrow
my precious lockpicks so--
Nobody cares about door stuff, okay?
Why do you think you have no friends?
Why do you think you live alone?
You should go to your room!
Where do you think I'm going?
You're not my dad!
Hey, I'm not trying to be!
I live alone because I like it that way!
I didn't ask for any of this to happen.
I didn't ask you to come live here!
[door slams]
[somber music playing]
But I'm glad you did.
[thunder rumbling outside]
[thunderclap]
Pig, we're goin' home.
[thunder crashing]
-[thunder booms]
-[Philip gasps]
[Philip exhales]
[tense orchestral music playing]
[Philip] Nemo?
[dramatic orchestral music building]
No, I don't know. I don't--
Carla, I don't know.
I just woke up, and she wasn't here.
Well, I have no idea where she would go.
Right.
-[thunder crashing]
-[haunting choral music playing]
[dramatic orchestral music continues]
[waves crashing loudly]
Pig!
[boom whooshes, clangs]
[mast creaking]
[gentle orchestral music playing]
[Pig grunting weakly]
[haunting choral music continues]
[Pig oinking]
[dramatic string music playing]
[dramatic music swells]
-[explosion blasts]
-[planes whizzing by]
-Whoo! Ha!
-[whimsical horn music playing]
-Oh, yeah. [laughs]
-[air-raid sirens wailing]
[Flip] Oh! The End of the Line!
-It's party time!
-[neon sign buzzing]
[plane engine droning]
[Flip grunting]
[gasps]
Yeah, baby! Oh!
Number one!
Top of Slumberland, baby!
[grunts] ♪ Baby, baby, baby! ♪
♪ Baby, baby, baby! ♪
[panting, sighs deeply]
[music grows tense]
[Flip screaming]
-[plane engine roars]
-[Flip yells]
[grunts]
[groans, sighs]
-[blades whirring]
-[Flip screaming]
[yelps]
[straining] Hi-yah!
Hi-yah!
[thuds heavily, grunting]
[exhales sharply, weakly] Hi-yah.
You see that?
[panting]
Hope they catch the bastard.
[Flip] Oh, yeah.
Guy seems like a real bad egg.
You know? Pee-yew.
He took a little girl
to the Sea of Nightmares,
and then he ditched her,
and she went in alone.
-What?
-Yeah.
Hey, you're…
A shiny pink diamond?
-Yeah. Pretty, isn't it? Hi-yah!
-That's nice.
[eerie harp music playing]
-[majestic chimes play]
-[haunting choral music playing]
[mast creaking]
[Pig grunting]
-[gentle chimes play]
-[majestic choir music playing]
[low rumbling]
[majestic orchestral music continues]
[Pig grunts]
[oinks]
[grunts, snorts]
[ominous string music playing]
[Pig oinks, grunts]
[Nemo, echoing] Come on, Pig.
Grab one, and let's go.
[loud rumbling]
[menacing horn music playing]
[Pig oinks]
[haunting choral music playing]
[Pig snorting excitedly]
[Pig belches]
[Pearl chiming]
[low rumbling approaching]
[squid monster growling]
[ominous music playing]
[monster snarling]
-[plane engine roars]
-[monster cries]
[exclaims] Yeah!
[laughs]
Flip?
[heroic orchestral music playing]
[Nemo] Flip!
[Flip] Yeah!
[monster growls]
[Nemo screaming]
[Flip] I got ya. Oh!
Get in the cab!
You came back for me!
Yeah. Outlaw Code.
Never leave your partner behind.
-Even if she is a pain in the…
-Applesauce.
Applesauce! [laughs]
Oh! I got a Pearl.
Oh! Aces!
[music fades]
-[loud blast]
-[plane engine whirring]
[all laughing]
So long, suckers!
Whoo!
Oh, hey!
Hey, guys!
[engine spluttering]
[tentacles slithering]
-[Pig squeals]
-[screaming] Nightmare!
[both screaming]
-[metal clanking]
-[engine roars]
[laughing] Whoo!
We have to get to the lighthouse!
Green said it's my safe place!
I know!
[engine straining]
Don't look down!
[both screaming]
[engine sputtering]
[Nemo and Flip continue screaming]
-Pull up!
-I am!
-[Nemo screaming]
-Oh my! Oh my!
[goose honks]
[Canadian laughing and screaming]
-[Nemo whimpering]
-[Flip retches, spits]
[Flip laughs]
-[grunting]
-[Nemo whimpers] No! Drive the plane!
[both screaming]
[Canadian laughing hysterically]
[music fades]
[glass shattering]
[engine sputtering]
[Flip continues screaming]
[dapper dreamer gasps]
-[Flip grunts]
-[both panting]
-Flip, come on. Flip!
-[Pig oinks]
[toilet tank water splashes]
[Canadian] Aw, jeez. What a gong show.
Okay, one minute,
you think you're going out for a rip…
Oh. Hey, sorry, guy.
And the next thing you know,
you're goin' for a dip.
[low growling]
[metal scrapes]
-[dapper dreamer grunts]
-[monster snarling]
[monster roars]
[Nemo panting]
-[Flip grunts]
-[Pearl chiming]
There he is.
-[Canadian whimpering]
-Get in here!
Come on. Hey, Emmett, you party?
I party.
-[engine revs]
-[all screaming]
-[dapper dreamer screaming]
-Whoa!
Come here! Get in here!
[monster roars]
[in Southern accent]
Hey, Emmett, take a right.
[all yelp]
Here we go.
[laughs]
-I can't. I can't. What's that?
-Come here, buddy.
[all shouting]
Hit it, Emmett!
[salsa band stops abruptly]
-[passengers and guests screaming]
-[wings flapping]
[Flip] Yeah!
[passengers clamoring]
Help! Oh, my hair! My hair!
[dapper dreamer splutters]
[salsa dreamer giggles]
[in Spanish] I knew you'd return!
I smelled your musk.
Uh, sí, sí, sí. Pero no.
[high-pitched] Aww!
Pero no.
[truck rattling]
[low growling]
[monster snarling]
-[Emmett shrieks]
-[smoke billows]
[Emmett gasps]
[monster growling]
-[Canadian and dapper dreamer scream]
-[smoke billows]
[dapper dreamer gasps]
[breathing heavily]
-[Canadian gasps]
-[announcer on TV] Now, McRoy to center.
There's O'Reilly…
Great pass to Johnson, and a goal!
-He scores!
-Yes! Let's go! Let's go!
Whoo!
[monster snarling]
-[salsa dreamer panting]
-[smoke billows]
[angelic choir singing]
-[salsa dreamer sighs]
-[priest leading Mass in Spanish]
-[motor whirring]
-[wind whipping]
-[wistful piano music playing]
-[thunder rumbling]
[Flip chuckles softly]
[sighs] We're gonna make it, kid.
Come on. I see the lighthouse.
[wistful music swells]
[Pig oinks]
Come on, kid. We're almost there.
You can finally make your wish.
[gasps] What's wrong?
[weakly] Oh… I don't feel so good.
[Flip] Nemo!
[Pig grunting]
[Carla] Hey, slow down! Slow down!
Pig.
-[Flip gasps]
-[Pig snorting]
[Flip] What's wrong?
[weakly] Something's not right.
I'm gonna get you home.
You'll be safe at home.
[thunder crashing]
There!
Wait, the Pearl.
I dropped the Pearl. We have to go back.
[Pearl chiming]
-[ominous music playing]
-[monster slithering and growling]
You get to the lighthouse.
I'll get the Pearl, okay? Go.
Wait. No, not without you!
-[Flip grunting]
-[Nemo] Flip!
-Yes!
-[Flip groans]
Flip!
-[Flip yelling and grunting]
-[Nemo] Flip!
[Flip groaning] Nemo!
[sounds fade]
-[Pearl chiming]
-[Flip shouts]
[haunting chorals playing]
[Flip, echoing] Nemo, go!
Get to the lighthouse!
Say hi to your dad for me.
[monster growling]
Flip? Wake up.
-[music swells]
-[energy blasts]
-[chandelier tinkling]
-[monster cries]
[melancholy string music playing]
[wings fluttering]
[thunder rumbles]
[Carla] Philip!
What are you doing?
[monster growling]
[Carla] No! Get down! Philip! Philip!
[music building]
[monster snarling menacingly]
[Carla] No!
[monster growling]
[monster roars]
-[smoke billows]
-[music fades]
[wistful piano music playing]
[Pig grunting]
Let's go home.
[smoke billows]
Well, this is gonna be
a buttload of paperwork.
So Nemo, how do you feel? Different?
Big journey, all by yourself.
I see you've found yourself a Pearl.
Guess it's not a myth after all.
I didn't get my dad back.
You had to give up your dream.
I guess you found
something more important.
Right, better get to work, then.
-[Pig snorting]
-[Green] Oh, uh… [sighs]
You've got a good pig there.
[Pig oinks]
Give it a squeeze for me.
[belches]
[grunts]
-[Pearl chiming]
-[majestic choir music playing]
-[Pig grunts]
-[Green] Told you.
You have the dream you're meant to have.
We make sure of that.
What you do next…?
Well, that's up to you.
Ugh! Seriously? Look at this mess!
Can I get a cleaning crew in here pronto?
Come on!
[door creaks, closes]
[energy blasts]
[wistful piano music playing]
[breeze blowing]
[gulls calling]
[Nemo gasps softly, breathing shakily]
[music swells]
[crying] I missed you so much.
I miss you.
[Philip gasping for air]
Race you to the top?
[soaring orchestral music playing]
[speaking inaudibly]
[lively orchestral version
of "The Parting Glass" playing]
[continues speaking inaudibly]
["The Parting Glass" fades]
Help!
-[Philip panting]
-[wistful piano music playing]
-Nemo! She's not breathing.
-[Carla] Okay.
We got her! We got her. It's okay. Okay.
Did you ever figure it out?
What the lighthouse is for?
-[Pig oinking]
-It's not to keep ships safe.
No. If we wanted to do that,
we'd never let 'em leave harbor, would we?
[Carla] Nothing. Okay.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
-Come on, Nemo!
-[Carla] Seven, eight, nine.
-[Philip] Breathe!
-[Carla] Come on. Oh.
To guide you on your journey.
That's right.
So you can see things
that the lighthouse keeper
can only dream of.
I didn't teach you all those things
so you could live on an island.
I did it so that you could know…
you can do anything.
[Carla] Okay, come on, Nemo.
[softly] Come on.
One, two, three…
I didn't think I could go on without you.
You traveled to the Sea of Nightmares
and came back home safe again.
After that, I don't think
the Waking World's gonna be too difficult.
But that's up to you.
Life is waiting for you, Nemo.
It would be a shame to miss that.
[crying] I have to go back.
That's my girl.
[takes a deep breath]
And you never forget…
how very proud I am of you.
And keep an eye on that brother of mine.
He seems normal, but he's not.
Deep down, he's a wild man.
Bye, Dad.
[sighs]
[Peter takes a deep breath]
[Nemo coughing]
[Carla] Okay, let's go!
Come on, get her over!
There we go! Good girl, Nemo!
-[laughing] Good girl!
-[Philip sobbing]
[Carla] Good girl.
You're okay. You're okay.
I got you.
And I'm not gonna
let go of you ever, okay?
Flip?
[softly] Yeah.
[mimics Flip] It's Flip.
And Philip.
Philip and Flip.
Flilip? [high-pitched snicker]
[high-pitched snicker]
-[Philip chuckles]
-[both crying]
[Carla laughs]
-[Nemo laughing]
-[bright instrumental music playing]
-Okay, see ya!
-Bye!
Bye!
-[Undeadheads groan]
-[Nemo] Bye, Jamal. See you tomorrow.
[Jamal] See ya.
You know, not a lot of people know this,
but I'm actually a master pickpocket.
Oh, come on. No, you're not. [chuckles]
[high-pitched] Boop! [chuckles]
-Oh my G--
-You have very smooth wrists.
[Arya] Wait. What? How did you…?
I'm gonna take you sailing.
Maybe next time you can come with us.
Yeah, I'd love to. [chuckles]
Aces.
Oh. Oh, wait. I need my watch back.
[Philip and Arya laugh] Yeah.
No. No, seriously.
Can I get my watch back?
[quietly] Call me.
[soaring orchestral music playing]
[Philip shouting]
[Nemo shouting]
-[music swells]
-[Nemo laughing]
Oh, great.
You're already dressed for bed.
[Nemo] Well, I don't like to be late.
So, what's the plan tonight?
I don't know.
I think I might just wander
and see what happens.
Sounds good.
-Night-night, kiddo. I love you.
-I love you too.
-I'll try to be on time.
-[Nemo giggles]
Sweet dreams.
[cloth flutters]
[spirited orchestral music playing]
[wistful movement playing]
[energetic movement playing]
[heroic movement playing]
[soothing movement playing]
[majestic string music playing]
[lively version
of "The Parting Glass" playing on piano]
[string section joins in]
[fiddles join in]
[tempo slows]
[song concludes]
[majestic chimes playing]
[majestic choir music playing]
[eerie harp music playing]
[ominous string music playing]
[majestic orchestral music playing]
[ominous string music continues]
[horn section crescendos]
[whimsical horn music playing]
[energetic orchestral music playing]
[triumphant horn music playing]
[suspenseful string music playing]
[menacing horn music playing]
[haunting choral music playing]
[menacing horn music building]
[wistful piano music playing]
[dramatic French horn solo playing]
[soaring orchestral music playing]
["The Parting Glass" playing on piano]
["The Parting Glass" fades]
[wistful piano music continues]
-[wistful piano music fades]
-[gentle string music playing]
[soaring orchestral music playing]
[gentle music playing]
[music fades]